Release v1.6.3 (#4898)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/upgrading-sdk-version/v1.6.3.md

---
title: v1.6.3
weight: 998993997
---

## Ensure that existing dependent resources have owner annotations

> Ansible-based operators use owner references (for resources in the same namespace) and owner annotations(for cluster scoped resources and resources in other namespaces). If dependent resources were created without the references/annotations, they cannot be cleaned up by the operator, and update/deletes will not trigger a reconcile. Follow these instructions to add owner references/annotations to existing objects. https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/building-operators/ansible/reference/retroactively-owned-resources/

Reviewer: Taken from master
```suggestion
For Ansible-based operators, [owner reference annotations](https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/building-operators/ansible/reference/retroactively-owned-resources/)
on cluster-scoped dependent resources and dependent resources in other namespaces were not applied correctly.
A workaround was to add these annotations manually, which is no longer required as this bug has been fixed.
```
